docs(plugins): update plugin documentation, api reference, and developer guide (#542)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/plugins/developers-guide.md

	Close()
}

type InitSchema interface {
	InitSchema() *SchemaInfo
}

type OpenParams interface {
	OpenParams() ([]OpenParam, error)
}

type Progresser interface {
	Progress(pState sdk.PluginState) (float64, string)
}
```

Source and extrator plugins can optionally implement the `sdk.Destroyer` interface. In that case, `Destroy()` will be called when the plugin gets destroyed and can be used to release any allocated resource.

> Source and extrator plugins can also optionally implement the `sdk.InitSchema` interface. In that case, `InitSchema()` will be used to to return a schema describing the data expected to be passed as a configuration during the plugin initialization. This follows the semantics documented for [`get_init_schema`](../plugin-api-reference/#const-char-plugin-get-init-schema-ss-plugin-schema-type-schema-type-required-no). Currently, the schema must follow the [JSON Schema specific](https://json-schema.org/), which in Go can also be easily auto-generated with external packages (e.g. [alecthomas/jsonschema](https:/github.com/alecthomas/jsonschema)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source and extrator plugins can also optionally implement the `sdk.InitSchema` interface. In that case, `InitSchema()` will be used to to return a schema describing the data expected to be passed as a configuration during the plugin initialization. This follows the semantics documented for [`get_init_schema`](../plugin-api-reference/#const-char-plugin-get-init-schema-ss-plugin-schema-type-schema-type-required-no). Currently, the schema must follow the [JSON Schema specific](https://json-schema.org/), which in Go can also be easily auto-generated with external packages (e.g. [alecthomas/jsonschema](https:/github.com/alecthomas/jsonschema)).
```

Does the framework call `InitSchema()`  always?

Author: If implemented, yes. The way the Go SDK does this is by always implementing a default `plugin_get_init_schema` that returns no schema (and thus is ignored by the framework), which eventually calls `InitSchema()` if the plugin struct implements it.

> Source plugins can optionally implement the `sdk.OpenParams` interface. In that case, `OpenParams()` will be called before opening the event stream to obtains some suggested values that would valid parameters for `Open()`. For more details, see the documentation of [`list_open_params`](../plugin-api-reference/#const-char-plugin-list-open-params-ss-plugin-t-s-ss-plugin-rc-rc-required-no).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source plugins can optionally implement the `sdk.OpenParams` interface. If requested by the application, the framework may call `OpenParams()` before opening the event stream to obtains some suggested values that would valid parameters for `Open()`. For more details, see the documentation of [`list_open_params`](../plugin-api-reference/#const-char-plugin-list-open-params-ss-plugin-t-s-ss-plugin-rc-rc-required-no).
```

Reviewer: Does the framework call `OpenParams()`  always?

Author: Same as `InitSchema()`, see the comment above. However, this suggestion is correct because, unlike `get_init_schema`, `list_open_params` is only executed by the framework if requested by the `libs` application.

	}
}

...
```

#### Initializing/Destroying the Plugin

The mandatory `Init()` method serves as an initialization entrypoint for plugins. This is where the user-defined configuration string is passed in by the framework. The internal state of the plugin should be initialized at this level. An error can be returned to abort the plugin initialization.

> Defining the `Destroy()` method is optional, but can be useful if some resource needs to be released before the plugin gets destroyed. The `InitSchema()` methos is optional too, but it allows the framework to automatically parse the init config, thus avoiding the need of doing it manually inside `Init()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining the `Destroy()` method is optional but can be useful if some resource needs to be released before the plugin gets destroyed. The `InitSchema()` method is optional too, but it allows the framework to parse the init config automatically, thus avoiding the need of doing it manually inside `Init()`.
```

Reviewer: typo and (optional) suggestions
